Itadori. why is his nose bleeding?
What?
I punched him.
-When?
-At the very start.
Did he touch you with his hand?
Yes.
My attacks have zero effect on him.
What?
-Why?
-The reason will come during the lecture.
First. he may not be able
to use his ability on Itadori.
Second. he has a reason
not to kill Itadori.
Either way. it's an advantage.
But I can stifle his movements.
Let's create openings for each other
and take the opportunity to attack.
We must exorcise him here.
Okay!
Be mindful of Yuji Itadori…
and get rid of 7:3 Sorcerer first.
I thought this was good.
But they evaded my attacks.
After they dodge it.
the tips of my needles will come off.
It's only good for small fries.
Let's stop this.
Before he changes his shape…
-He charges his cursed energy first!
-Very good.
Even if I make myself smaller.
I still risk getting killed
by Yuji Itadori in one blow.
He's really my nemesis.
Let's make him behave nicely.
Transfigured humans.
He still has some stored.
Kill that short-haired brat.
I knew it.
That kid can't kill humans.
Let's play…
Please…
Kill me…
I want you to fight against him next.
Will he cry this time?
He's a foolish brat
who can't match ideal with reality.
That's not true.
He's on it right now.
If anything.
you're the foolish one.
You killed them?
His cursed energy level increased.
I'll change my shape
right before the impact--
There's no time for me
to make a substitute.
What…
What a fresh inspiration!
Is this…
death?
I can do it now. right?
Domain Expansion.
Self-Embodiment of Perfection!
Darn it.
Now…
I just want to thank you.
Are you serious?
Why was only Nanamin trapped inside?
If this goes on…
Domain Expansion.
An enclosed space constructed
using cursed energy.
A secret weapon that will enhance
the owner's strengths.
It's the pinnacle of cursed techniques
that I couldn't reach.
To use any cursed technique
which transfigures the soul.
he probably needs to touch someone
with the palm of his original hand.
But now that I'm inside his domain…
I'm literally in the palm
of my opponent's hand.
Darn it.
Jujutsu Sorcerers are shit.
Sometimes. we have to force our comrades
to accept and sacrifice
their lives for others.
That's why I quit.
Or rather. I escaped.
Do you like baguette sandwiches?
What?
You always buy this. right?
Well. yes.
The nearby convenience store
no longer sells it.
Our bread's better than those
in convenience stores. right?
I mean. this is a bakery.
You're so mean.
Please come again!
A Fly Head.
I guess it's fine to leave it alone.
It will be trouble if I do a bad job
and she thinks I'm some shady medium.
How is it going?
Giving us money
means giving us their lives.
I don't need to talk much about
how to balance the benefits and risks.
No need to do anything special
at the beginning.
You just have to
face the clients sincerely.
Don't forget this.
Yes!
Nanami.
Don't make it sound so rigid.
You'll scare the newbie.
Newbie. your top priority
is the company's profit.
This will also be our clients' benefits.
Even persuading clients
to buy stocks that won't rise?
This is the legitimate reward for us
who watch the market 24 hours a day.
Isn't this your second year. Nanami?
You're clever. You should let loose.
I have high expectations of you.
I'm a person
who does not have a concept of
what is worth doing.
and what is worth living for.
I'll just earn some money
until I'm 30 or 40 years old.
then I'll enjoy an aimless life
in a country with low cost of living.
Four years after graduation.
I think about money all the time.
Curse or other human beings.
I can stay away from them if I have money.
Money.
As long as I have money.
Are you okay?
Have you been sleeping well?
What about you? You look tired.
You can tell?
I feel that my shoulders
are quite heavy recently.
Besides. I don't sleep well too.
My job is to
let the rich entrust their money to me
and make them richer.
Something like that.
To be honest.
no one will be sad even if I'm gone.
But if the bakery is gone.
people who want to eat bread will be sad.
But somehow. a job like mine
that's outside of such a human cycle
gives me a better salary.
It's quite strange when I think about it.
-Are you showing off?
-No.
I'm sorry.
It's quite hard for me to understand.
Can you come forward a little?
What?
-What?
-How do you feel now?
What? Let me see.
What? It feels light!
Go to the hospital if you still feel sick.
I'll get going now.
Oh. my!
Wait!
Excuse me.
Thank you!
Please come again!
-"Thank you."
-Strange. Did he not hear me?
Thank you!
Please come again!
I thought I had nothing to live for.
SATORU GOJO
Hello. It's Nanami.
I would like to talk to you.
Yes.
I'll return to Jujutsu High tomorrow…
Why are you laughing?
Idle Transfiguration.
I thank you.
No need.
I've received enough gratitude.
I have no regrets.
How did he enter?
I see.
The greater the barrier.
the weaker it is to external attacks.
Domain is only focused on closing.
In other words.
it's easy for an invasion to happen.
Because it brings no benefit
to the intruder.
Even more so for the Unlimited Void
and Self-Embodiment of Perfection.
whereby victory is confirmed
when the opponent is trapped inside.
However.
Itadori is an exception.
There's something in him
that cannot be touched!
I told you.
No second chances.
Everyone on earth
and in heaven must listen to him.
He acts solely based on his mood.
It's either you die…
or I die.
It doesn't matter.
Except for that guy.
I couldn't care less.
What happened?
I'll kill you!
Domain Expansion has used up
too much cursed energy.
It was my last resort.
But that scoundrel. Sukuna…
But this is the critical moment!
Squeeze it out!
The last of my cursed energy!
The target is large.
The flow of his cursed energy
is slowing down.
There will be no counterattack.
I can definitely attack him.
It's my last chance.
No need for tricks.
Divergent Fist!
What's going on?
I felt nothing.
-Wait!
-It was fun.
Ino. the target has
escaped into the sewers.
That's right.
Please conduct a thorough search
of the direction southeast to my location.
You should be able to exorcise him.
We're going after him too!
Itadori!
Move. my body!
Weren't you going to kill him?
-I must crush him…
-Itadori!
Itadori!
That's the King of Curses.
Ryomen Sukuna.
His current cursed energy
is inferior to Jogo.
However.
his presence…
His soul is on
a completely different level.
I'm certain now.
Even if we were wiped out.
the era of curses can begin
as long as Sukuna is resurrected.
But it's so troublesome.
I really want to kill Yuji Itadori now!
I'm feeling so impatient!
But forget it.
Unlike the body.
the soul can be killed many times.
How should I kill him next time?
Didn't I tell you to rest?
Are you lecturing me?
No lecturing needed for my savior.
Me?
Mahito's cursed techniques
can interfere with other people's souls.
You made him touch Sukuna's soul
when you invaded his domain.
Thanks to you. I'm saved.
But I didn't switch.
Sukuna didn't come out.
Instead. Mahito went in.
Then I wasn't the one who saved you.
Sukuna did it on a whim.
Nanami. I killed humans today.
People will die. It's inevitable.
But I want their deaths
to be justified. at least.
That was what I was thinking.
That's why I only think about
not pulling the trigger.
But now that I pulled the trigger myself.
I don't understand it anymore.
What's the right way to die?
I don't know either.
The good should die peacefully
and the bad should have a horrible death.
but most people are neither good nor evil.
I believe that all deaths
come to all people differently.
and giving proper guidance
to all the souls is just tiring.
I don't recommend you to do that.
Even so. you'll still try to do it.
Just be careful not to die.
If you weren't there today.
I would've died.
People who rely on you
will start to appear…
since you're already
a Jujutsu Sorcerer. Itadori.
Put it in the box when you're done.
You don't need to write your names.
QUESTIONNAIRE ON BULLYING
So it's you who injured Yoshino. Ito.
I don't want to be scolded by the one
who's too afraid to do anything
at that time.
He's quit school and moved away. right?
Can't we forget about it?
By the way.
my left hand can't move since then.
I'm asking about your crime.
Think of that injury
as your punishment and reflect on it.
What about your punishment?
It's coming.
I want to take a good look
at the things I didn't see clearly.
Whether it's me or you…
We'll carry the sin
of ruining Junpei's heart forever.
I'll be watching you. Ito.
I still don't know
the meaning of a justified death.
Then at least…
Before I understand…
Before I kill that guy…
I will never…
lose again.
Juju Stroll.
Can we eat now?
Salmon.
This meatball is delicious.
Who made it?
It's me.
You can make it easily.
1. PUT IN ALL THE INGREDIENTS
AND USE DOUBLE THE AMOUNT OF GINGER
2. MIX AND KNEAD WELL
3. SHAPE MEATBALLS WITH A SPOON
AND PLACE THEM INTO THE POT
INGREDIENTS: CHICKEN MEAT.
MINCED SPRING ONIONS. GINGER SAUCE
EGG YOLKS (YOU CAN INCLUDE EGG WHITES)
SALT AND PEPPER
Leaf mustard.
So Fushiguro can cook.
I'm not surprised.
No. Itadori taught me how to make it.
I see.
Itadori's posthumous work.
That doesn't sound right.
This meatball is so delicious.
They are.
You can make it really easily.
Fushiguro can make it too
since I taught him.
I want to see them soon.